hey guys topic we're and as you can see
the come on we're playing coming out to
play on the GTA 5 heists DLC update and
essentially what this is is it's one of
the ones that you have the attackers and
me a hundred and you have the runners
the hunters have I think limited
movement and the runners have more
movement so what is is see the three
runners come out to play at the Redwood
Life strike one of them has to make it
for the rebel radio building in ten
minutes there's only one life and a
selection of weapons but the the hunters
have chased them down on a blazer co-op
bikes using only sort of shotguns so ok
it looks like I'm the only hunter that
is zombies versus werewolf that's not
fair runners can only have one player ok
join the hunters what do this is really
you can't oh yeah my bad that was me
fucking idiot now I'm even recording
this and then uh ok ok ok don't worry
don't worry alright so as you can see
we're on quad bikes and what we want to
do is hunt the runner we only have sort
of shotguns they have variety of weapons
I think they can go off their thing we
can't so it's like zombies hunting
werewolves essentially so sort of
shotgun let's go you can play all you
there's our three new gamers that came
out and you can all play them on the
adversary mode so just go check them out
and that is very very cool really so
yeah let's go let's go no no no don't
you spin me out mate don't spin me out
Oh okay can we get the run I can't get
the run of where's the runarounds the
runner where's the runner come on man
come on bro come on bro so we have a
million love years like one life yes but
he is completely he's like 10 times more
powerful than us so I guess we should be
able to do this maybe we can't get off
the quad so it's fair
oh my god okay I got more ready let's go
one of the quickest rounds ever say
obviously I think the runners can have
quite a lot of people things like admah
it sort of it equates itself out so
consider there's only three of us you
can't have two runners and one hunter
because that would be really unfair so
we're just gonna have oh yes oh yeah
like all DT does that sort of works
itself out otherwise it would be fairly
unfair Helly unfair I'm not sure if you
can don't worry don't worry
so now I think I'm the rudder yes I am
okay here we go
okay as you can see this would be very
fun to play with lots of mates and this
is all the weapons we have we've got to
run we got to escape the zone
oh god and we can't see them on radar
okay please please
so we use a machine gun for now that we
have you go sticky bombs are rather you
sticky bombs to be honest no no no no I
can hear them we're running we're
running okay they're coming okay Oh No
No
Oh
we're doing good we're doing good
nothing and we might be able to make
this
Oh
we can't we can't we can't get on any
vehicles so you've got to make a run for
it
this is scary is that okay don't worry
guys I'm actually overreacting I always
do this in games I'm good I'm gonna let
literally when I'm editing this I'm
gonna look back at the commentary I'm
like I'm gonna cringe alright okay kill
streak
okay 1.5 times RP
I can't hear them unless they've given
up nope nope I can hear them now the
wages
flop to the ground okay during
competitive job so you can okay okay
okay I'll close some way to the end okay
let's see the end yet run run run run
run run run okay I can hear them I've
got the both good enough
stay away from me you're bloody zombies
all right
oh no I think that was it
okay I hope you guys enjoyed that video
if you did then sub a la bonne if you
guys want to play this then she's got a
verse area motifs on there it's all
there and yeah I'll see you guys next
time stay tuned for a lot more highs
content and yeah I'll see you guys next
time bye